-
- Independent variable 自变量
- Dependent variable 因变量
-
- ## 杨帅每日英语：Smoking
- The **risks** of smoking are **well known**.
	- Smoke free 表示禁烟区域
- It's still the **leading cause** of **preventable death** in the UK and **is responsible** for **nearly** 78,000 deaths **annually**.
	- Cause 一般做名词时表示直接原因，而 Reason 表示逻辑上的动机、原因。
	- Preventable 可预防的
- Even **in low quantities**, smoking increases the risk of **serious diseases** like **lung cancer**.
	- In low quantities 少量的
-
-
- ## Situational Learning 2-58: Spring Festival
- This year is **the year of the Ox**.
	- Ox 一般指阉后的公牛，适合农业工作的。Cow 一般是成年奶牛。Bull 是未阉割的公牛，一般用于生育。
	- Rat 鼠
- Do you have any plans for the **occasion**?
	- Occasion 这里表示盛会，即 an important social event or ceremony.
- We're going to have a **reunion dinner** **on New Year's Eve**, and we'll also **clean up** our home to welcome good **fortune**.
	- Fortune 这里表示运气 Chance or luck，其还可以表示一大笔钱或者命运。
- **The adults** will **exchange red envelopes** for good luck.
	- The adults 成年人，大人们
- These are all important **customs** for the holiday.
	- Custom 表示特定群体、文化、社会中长期形成的习惯性做法。Tradition 是代代相传的信仰、行为、习惯等。
- But **what's a bit disappointing** is that we'll have to visit **a bunch of** **relatives**.
	- A bunch of 表示一群、很多
	- Relative 表示亲戚，注意 relation 虽然也可以表示亲戚，但是已经很少用了
- I'll **make sure to** **take breaks** and **prioritize** my well-being during the **festivities**.
	- Prioritize 优先考虑
	- Festivities 一般表示一系列庆祝活动、庆典。Celebration 表示单个庆祝活动
- **Nowadays**, Chinese relatives aren't as close as they **used to be**.
- **Even if** two people are relatives, they **might only meet once a year**, and their **relationship** isn't **that close**.
	- Relationship 描述人与人之间的关系，Relation 一般描述事物之间的联系
- **These days**, more and more young people are **refusing to** visit their relatives.
- **Family dynamics** can **change over time**, and **not everyone** may feel **as connected to their relatives as** **in the past**.
	- Dynamics 这里表示 the way people behave, react, and affect each other
	- Over time 表示随着时间
- That's the **unspoken** tradition that we don't visit relatives who aren't very close to us.
	- Unspoken 表示心照不宣的
- **In recent years**, the pressure has **eased**.
	- In recent years 近几年
	- Ease 减轻不适、压力等
-
- ## Situational Learning: 2-59 Mid-Autumn Festival
- Do you know the **Mid-Autumn Festival**? **It's also known as the Moon Festival**.
- It's a traditional Chinese holiday where people typically **gather with** their families to enjoy **mooncakes**.
- There are **classic flavors** like **red bean**, **lotus seed**, and **five kernel**, I enjoy them equally.
	- Classic 经典的，Classical 表示古典的（一般和古代的艺术、音乐等有关）
	- Red bean 红豆，Lotus seed 莲蓉，Five kernel 五仁
- **As a Chinese person**, I **naturally** have a **basic understanding of** the **legend** behind the Mid-Autumn Festival.
	- Naturally 天然地或天生地
	- Understanding 理解
	- Legend 一般是基于真实事件、人物的故事。Myth 一般表示关于神、超自然的故事。
- Red bean flavor is a **popular choice**.
- Nowadays, the Chinese people, **particularly the young**, aren't as **enthusiastic about** **celebrating** traditional festivals.
	- The young 表示年轻人群体，例如 The elderly, The rich.
	- Be enthusiastic about (doing) 热衷于，和 Be keen on 差不多
- This is **largely due to the fact** that people are **increasingly busy** and **lack the time to** celebrate.
- It's true that **modern lifestyles** can make it challenging to celebrate traditional festivals.
- In my family, we don't really **have any special celebrations**, but we do share the **joy of** eating mooncakes with our **loved ones**. And **that's it**.
	- Loved ones 爱的人
	- That's it 就这样
- The **biggest impact** the Mid-Autumn Festival **might have on us** is **probably** just **giving us a day off**.
	- Give us a day off 给我们放一天假
-
- ## 邵艾伦英语常用句 Part1
- Hey, **what's up?**
	- What's up 是非正式的问候方式，可以表示 Hey
- **Not much**. What's going on?
	- Not much 表示没啥大事儿
- I **heard** you finished the project. **Good job**!
- Thanks! **It wasn't easy**, but I **did my best**.
- **I see**. **Are you serious about** presenting it tomorrow?
- **Not yet**. I'm still preparing. But **trust me**, I'll do my best.
	- Not yet 还没
	- Trust me 相信我
- **I promise** to help you if you need anything.
- Thanks, I might take you up on that. **By the way**, can you **do me a favor**?
- Sure, what's up?
- Could you **review** my slides? I want to make sure everything's clear.
- Of course. I'm **on my way** to your office now.
	- On one's way to 表示去某地
- Great, **see you later**. Oh, and **watch out** for the wet floor near the entrance.
	- Watch out 表示当心
- Thanks for the **heads up**. I'll be careful.
	- Heads up 表示留心、注意
- **Who's turn** is it to present first tomorrow?
- **It's my turn**. I'm a bit nervous.
- Don't worry, you'll do great. I'm proud of you.
- Thanks. **I can't breathe** just thinking about it, though!
- **Take it easy**. **It's a big deal**, but you've got this.
	- Take it easy 放轻松
- I hope so. If anything goes wrong, it'll be **my fault**.
- Nah, **none of your business**. Just focus on doing your best.
-
- ## 邵艾伦英语常用句 Part2
- Hey, I just heard you **quit your job**. **Are you kidding**?
- No, **I'm serious**. The work environment was **unbelievable**!
- Wow, I hope so. But **what did I miss** that made you decide to leave?
- Honestly, I **miss you** and the team, but I **screwed up** a big project.
	- Screw up 搞砸了
- That's tough. How are you handling it?
- **I'll make it up to you** **all somehow**. But right now, I just need some space. **Leave me alone for a bit**.
	- Make it up to sb 补偿 sb
- Okay, **take your time**. Just know we're here for you.
- Thanks. It's **awesome** to have friends like you.
- By the way, did you hear about the new manager? Some of the changes are just **ridiculous**.
- I know, right? **It doesn't make sense at all**.
	- It doesn't make sense at all 完全没道理的
- And the new office rules? **That's weird**.
- Yeah, and some of **them are just disgusting**.
- **No wonder** people are upset. But hey, anything else you want to talk about?
	- No wonder 难怪
- Not really. Just trying to **figure things out**.
- Alright, **take care**. And remember, if you need anything, I'm here.
	- Take care 保重
- Thanks, I appreciate it.
-
- ## 邵艾伦常用句 Part3
- Hey, I finally finished the project **ahead of schedule**.
- **Way to go**! **I'm impressed**.
	- Way to go 表示干得漂亮
- Thanks! I was worried I wouldn't make it.
- **Speaking of which**, did you **hear about** the new deadline for the other project?
	- Speaking of which 表示说到这儿
- **Not again**. Another deadline change?
	- Not again 表示又来了
- Yeah, but this time it's actually **extended**.
- Well, **that would be great**. More time to **polish things up**.
	- That would be great 那太好了
- True, but that depends on whether the client **approves** the changes.
- **Mark my words**, they'll ask for more revisions.
	- Mark my words 记住我说的话
- Probably. They always do.
- **As always**. Anyway, let's take a break. Coffee?
	- As always 和往常一样，一如既往
- Sure, but I need to grab my wallet first. **I'll be right back**.
	- I'll be right back 我马上回来
- No need, **it's on me** this time.
	- It's on me 我请客
- Really? Thanks! **Be my guest**, then.
	- Be my guest 请便
- By the way, did you hear about the **incident** at the meeting?
- **Get out of here**. What happened?
	- Get out of here 出去（其实是用来指使别人的。。）
- There was an accidental deletion of the presentation slides.
- **Shame on you** for laughing! Poor thing.
- Yeah, but it was handled well.
- Good to know. **Where were we** before I got sidetracked?
	- Where were we 表示我们前面聊到哪儿了
- We were talking about the **upcoming** team event.
- Right. I'm looking forward to it.
- **Me either**. It should be fun.
- Let's hope so. Now, **settle down** and let's get back to work.
	- Settle down 安静下来
- Agreed. Let's make sure we're not the next ones to hear 'You're fired.'
-
- ## 邵艾伦常用句 Part4
- Hey, I heard your presentation went well.
- Thanks! But honestly, I was so nervous.
- **Don't panic**. You did great!
- Really? I felt like I **messed up a few points**.
- **Give me a break**. Everyone makes small mistakes.
	- Give me a break 饶了我吧
- I guess. But what's the point if I can't deliver perfectly?
- **Don't get me wrong**, aiming for perfection is good, but you were awesome.
	- Don't get me wrong 表示别误会我
- That's so sweet of you to say.
- **You bet**. Anyway, what's next on your **agenda**?
	- You bet 当然
- I have to prepare for the next meeting. **What am I supposed to do** if they ask tricky questions?
	- What am I supposed to do 表示我应该怎么做
- **Just say it like it is**. If you're **unsure**, just **sit tight** and **think it through**.
	- Just say it like it is 直说呗
- **Gotcha**. I'll try my best.
	- Gotcha 明白了
- **That's the spirit**! So, who told you about the new project deadline?
	- That's the spirit 这才对！
- Nobody. I haven't heard anything. **What are you waiting for**? Tell me!
- **I beg your pardon**, I thought you already knew. It's been extended by a week.
	- I beg your pardon 饶了我吧
- Really? **Just in time**! I was worried about finishing it.
- See? **It doesn't matter** now. You have more time.
	- It doesn't matter 没大问题
- True. But **what can I say**? I'm still anxious.
- **Hear me out**. **All that matters** is you keep doing your best.
	- Hear me out 听我说完
	- All that matters 最重要的是
- Will do. Thanks for the encouragement.
- No problem. If you need help, just **bring it on**.
	- Bring it on 表示放马过来
- I appreciate it. **We're even** now, I guess.
	- We're even 我们扯平了
- **Whatever you say**. But seriously, if you need anything, let me know.
- I will. By the way, how's your project going?
- **Hard to say**. I'm making progress, but not even close to being done.
	- Hard to say 很难说
- Well, if you need a hand, I'm here.
- Thanks! That's really kind of you.
- No worries. So, what can I do now to help you?
- Just sit tight for now. I'll let you know if anything comes up.
- Gotcha. Talk later?
- **Sure thing**!
	- Sure thing 当然
-
-