-
- It **has nothing to do with** me.
- It's bro **to blame**.
	- 表示应该由 bro 来负责
- Little **butter** latte.
	- 小黄油拿铁（瑞幸新品）
- Some people eat for **comfort**, to **relieve** their anxieties.
	- Relieve 缓解痛苦或者压力等
- Bro's **miserableness** makes me happy. (开玩笑的)
	- Miserableness 悲惨。 miserable 表示极度不开心，可以表示情感上的痛苦或者物质上的困境
	- Tragic 悲惨的，一般表示重大不幸、灾难或者悲剧，和死亡、不可逆转的损失有关。
- Unable to **reach mutual understanding** with sb.
	- Mutual 相互的，这里指无法达成共识
- If I'm **in the mood for** some food or drinks I want to enjoy **right away**, I'll definitely **pick them up** at a store.
- However, when it comes to **stocking up on** snacks or **purchasing everyday essentials**, **I'd rather** buy them online because they often **come at a better price**.
-
- ## 杨帅每日英语：谈论特朗普当选美国总统
- Donald Trump was **elected** the 47th **president** of the United States on Wednesday.
- This is **surely** the most **dramatic comeback** in US political history.
	- Dramatic 戏剧性的
	- Comeback 卷土重来，东山再起
- Trump **performed better** in the 2024 **election** than he did in 2020, while Harris didn't **achieve** the same success as Joe Biden did.
	- Perform better 表现地更好
-
- ## Situational Learning 2-60: National Day
- Chinese National Day **falls on** October 1st.
	- Fall on 表示某个日期或事件落在某一天，例如 Thanksgiving falls on the fourth Thursday of November.
- **Typically**, we **get a week off** during the holiday period.
	- Get a week off 表示放一周假
- My family and I **either** **go on a trip** **or** stay home to watch the **parade**.
	- Go on a trip/Take a trip 固定搭配
- It's quite a **spectacle**!
	- Spectacle 表示壮观的场面
- My grandfather is a **retired soldier** from the Chinese **military**.
- The fireworks display is often the **highlight** of National Day.
	- Highlight 表示最精彩的部分
- We **rarely** stay at home. We usually **travel around the country**.
- There's a huge number of people **traveling across the country**.
	- Across 表示横穿
- The traffic, including the **high-speed trains** and **freeways**, is **packed** and **overcrowded**.
	- Freeway 一般在北美指不收费的高速，用 Highway 表示任何主要的公路，英国一般用 Motorway。
	- Overcrowded 过度拥挤的
- With so many people traveling during the **seven-day break**, **it's no wonder** that the traffic can get really **congested**.
	- Congested 表示交通拥挤的，Full of traffic
- **Planning ahead** for National Day travel is crucial.
- The adventure and **memories** made are **priceless**.
	- Priceless 无价的
- This year, my family decided not to go on a trip during the National Day to **avoid the traffic jam**.
-
- ## Situational Learning 2-61: My hometown
- My hometown is a small city in Zhejiang province, located in the south of China.
- It's a **charming** place with **stunning views** and a **slow-paced life**.
- My hometown **is known for** its delicious local **cuisine**, especially the traditional **mutton** noodles and snacks.
	- Cuisine 一般表示一个国家、地区的烹饪风格、菜系、饮食文化。如果一个餐厅的特色菜可以说 signature dish 或者 specialty。
	- Mutton 是成年羊肉（一般有骚味），Lamb 一般指羊羔肉
- It must be so delicious to have **access to** all those **tasty** **local dishes**.
	- Tasty 表示好吃的，delicious 一般表示极其美味或者正式的场合
	- Local dishes 本地菜
- I **bet** the food there is incredible.
- It really **attracts** **tourists** from **all over the country**.
	- All over the country 全国各地
- It sounds like your hometown is a truly **breathtaking** and **picturesque** place.
	- Picturesque 如画的
- We've **established** a small city **known as** GIS city, which **stands for** Geometric Information Systems.
- My hometown **offers a perfect blend of** nature, technology and culture.
- We've **managed to** attract some **prestigious** universities.
	- Prestigious 有名望的
- Having such a **prestigious institution** will **surely** **contribute to** its growth and development in the future.
- It sounds like your hometown has a **bright future ahead**.
- I'm really proud of my hometown's **potential**.
- The university is **promising**, and we even have a subway line **under construction**.
- It's going to be convenient for us to **get around**.
-
- ## Casual Chat 1
- There's a **qualifying exam** for PhD students at my school. And one of my **peers** didn't **pass** it.
	- Peer 表示同事、同龄人、社会地位相同的人
- He **consulted** a few **staff members** at my school. But it seems that he's **out of options**.
	- Staff member 员工
	- Out of options 没有选择了
- His **only choice** is to **transfer to** a **master's program**.
- Support him through the **transition**.
- But to be honest, I **rarely** **hear about** people **failing the qualifying exam**.
	- Hear about sb doing 听说
	- Fail the exam 没通过考试
- So **perhaps** he needs to **take responsibility for** being too **laid back**.
- It feels like all my four **roommates from collage** are **having a tough time**.
	- Roommates from collage 表示本科室友，注意美国等国家 collage 本身表示本科，也可以用 undergraduate roommates.
- Only one of us doesn't have to **worry much about** **graduate requirements**.
- He has a great advisor who **pays him quite a decent salary**.
-
- ## Casual Chat 2
- I'm quite **introverted** and not very good at **socializing**, so I **tend to** keep a **close-knit** group of friends.
	- Introverted 表示内向的，即 I 人。对应的 E 人是 Extroverted.
	- Close-knit 表示关系非常紧密的
- **Quality** over **quantity** when it comes to **friendship**.
- I'm enjoying a **plate** of delicious noodles, **drenched** in **soy sauce** and **topped** with **fried soybeans**.
	- Drench 表示浸泡、湿透
	- Top 表示上面撒着
	- Soybean 大豆、黄豆
- After finishing this meal, I'm planning to head to my office. Maybe I'll grab a cup of coffee **halfway** there.
	- Halfway there 去(office)的半途
- A cup of coffee sounds like the perfect **pick-me-up** for the afternoon.
	- Pick-me-up 提神物品、振奋情绪的东西
- **I'm thinking of** getting a pumpkin latte, and I hope it'll **be to my taste**.
	- I'm thinking of 这里有我打算的意思，比 I decide 更地道
	- Be to my taste 表示合我口味
-
- ## Casual Chat 3
- I've been talking with my girlfriend about our future.
- We've discussed our future plans, the **jobs we're looking forward to**, and even how we want to **decorate** our cozy home.
- For example, **I'd prefer** to live in a big house **on a higher floor**, while my girlfriend would **opt for** a small, cozy house **on a lower floor**.
	- On high floor 表示在高层，例如 I live on the 10th floor. She works on the top floor.
- It's all about finding a **compromise** and a place that **works for both of us**.
	- Work for both of us 对我们都合适的
- My girlfriend's been **doing really well financially lately** -- she's made over 100,000 yuan **in less than six months**.
- We're both **thrilled about** that **accomplishment**.
	- Accomplishment 成就：sth successful or impressive that is achieved after a lot of effort and hard work.
- I'm having dinner **right now**.
- The dish looks spicy **with all the red peppers on it**.
- But it turns out to be **not spicy at all**.
- It's made of **greens**, tofu, mushrooms, and chicken. **All of which I love**.
- This dish is a bit **pricy** and it's in the restaurant's **flavor district**.
	- Pricy 主要用于日常表示价格高，超出预期。Expensive 客观地说价格高。
	- District 表示有 particular features 的区域
- I can't afford to have it every day.
- **Treating** yourself to a **flavorful** dish **once in a while** is a nice **indulgence**.
	- Indulgence 表示放纵
- Since I'm still a student and **don't get paid much**, it's better to **manage and save my money** carefully.
	- Don't get paid much 表示收入不高
- That's a smart approach to **budgeting** and saving money as a student.
	- Budget 表示按计划花钱
-
-