-
- ## 杨帅每日英语：如何学习一门语言
- I learn a foreign language **mainly through immersion**.
	- Immersion 沉浸
- I like to **surround myself with** English **as much as possible** by watching movies, listening to music, and reading articles in English.
- **This way**, I**'m exposed to** the language in its **natural form**.
	- Be exposed to 接触到
- ## Idiomatic Daily English
- I've been **dedicating** one or two hours every day to **learning** English, and I've noticed a big improvement.
	- Dedicate: give all your attention and effort to one particular thing。注意这里是 dedicate sth to doing。
- Studying English sometimes **makes me so sleepy**.
- I try to learn a few **practical** English sentences every day.
- I have about seven exams to take **at the end of this semester**.
- **I'd better** get prepared **early on**
-
- ## Casual Chat 1
- It's always **better to be early than to rush**.
- What do you do to **kill time** **at the airport**?
- Well, I usually just **browse on my mobile phone**. Do you have any suggestions?
	- Browse on mobile phone 水手机
- Nowadays, **it seems that** many people, especially **the young**, are **no longer enthusiastic about** buying new books.
- Do you **prefer** **physical books** or **e-books**? Both have their **perks**.
	- Perk 这里指好处、优点，其实有点不常用
- I used to love physical books, but with the **fast pace of life** and a **packed schedule**, I've found myself reading more e-books than physical ones.
- I **rarely** read books for fun, especially with the **increasing popularity** of **video platforms**.
- Recently, I've just read a few **textbooks**, like **those on** mathematics and physics.
- Well, **I've recently started exploring** machine learning, which is inspired by the neural cells **in the human brain**.
- It's impressive **how widely it's used**.
-
- ## Casual Chat 2
- What's on your **agenda**?
- **Later today**, I'm going to have a short meeting with my advisor.
	- Later today 今天晚些
- **After that**, I guess I'll write some code and update a repository.
- But **lately**, I've been feeling a bit anxious about the future.
	- Lately 最近
- My advisor hasn't **looked over** my paper **in over three months**.
	- Look over 表示为了检查没有明显错误而看。Look through 表示快速浏览以查阅。Go through 表示仔细全面浏览以搞清内部细节。
	- In the year 表示在某一年中发生的事件，Over the year 表示一年内持续性的变化趋势
- And the journal he want to **submit it to** is pretty **competitive**.
- Keep working hard, and things will **fall into place**.
- I'm planning to **put in about 1000 hours of practice to** improve my English.
	- Put time/effort to sth
- I **figure** that should be a **sufficient amount of effort**.
	- Figure 经过考虑后认为
	- Sufficient 一般表示足够达成最低要求 as much as is needed for a particular purpose. Enough 一般表示达到所需标准或者满足某种需要. Adequate 也表示达到最低标准，一般暗示刚好够用。
-
-