-
- ## 杨帅每日英语 2024.12.12：去澳大利亚旅行
- Australia **is known for** its **laid-back** lifestyle, where people **prioritize** enjoying life, spending time **outdoors**, and maintaining a healthy **work-life balance**.
	- Laid-back 躺平
	- Outdoors 在户外，Indoors 在室内
	- Work-life balance 工作、生活平衡
- The culture in Australia is very relaxed and friendly.
- Travelers often find it easy to **strike up** conversations with **locals**.
	- Strike up conversation 表示交谈起来，固定搭配。类似的有 strike up a friendship/relationship 建立友谊、联系
	- Local 这里做名词表示当地人
-
- ## 外刊阅读外刊阅读 2024.1.2：第三、四段
- **Yet** being cheap is not the same as being a **bargain**.
	- Yet 这里做连词，表转折
	- Bargain 大多数情况做讨价还价的动词，这里表示便宜货
- Banks are not **startups** selling a growth story.
	- Start-up 表示初创公司
- **Nor** are they **tech** firms building **innovative** new products.
	- 倒装句：Nor are they 这里等价于 they are not，但是这里表示也不。
	- Tech 技术，Technical 技术的
- Banking is a **mature** business; its **fortunes** are closely tied to the **macroeconomic** environment.
	- Mature 成熟的
	- Fortune 大多数情况下表示财产或者命运、运气
- Investors therefore look for institutions where profits or **earnings** might grow **in the near future** and where those profits may be returned to investors via **dividends** or **buy-backs**.
	- Earning 表示总收入，而 Profit 表示利润。
	- Dividend 股息，可以理解为股票分红
	- Buy-back 表示回购
-
- On **neither** **front** do American banks look **appealing**.
	- 也是倒装句
	- Neither 这里做形容词
	- Front 这里表示方面，可以理解为事物的正面
- **Net** interest income, a measure of the difference between the interest banks earn on **loans** and that which they **pay out** on **deposits**, seems to have **peaked**.
	- Net 这里表示净（利润）
	- Loan 表示贷款
	- Pay out 这里表示支出
	- Deposit 这里表示存款
- Although rising rates boost income, the climb in **funding** costs has **eaten into this**.
	- Funding cost 这里表示融资
	- Eat into this 这里表示抵消
- Customers **fled** regional banks following **collapses** earlier in the year and have **moved away from** all banks **in favor of** money-market **funds**, which offer higher low-risk returns.
	- Fled 是 Flee 的过去式，表示逃离
	- Collapse 即奔溃、倒塌的意思
	- Funds 基金
- Even **in the best-case scenario** for America's banks -- a "soft landing" or "no landing" at all, in which there is no **recession**, few **loan defaults** and interest rates do not come down much -- earnings would probably remain only around their present levels.
	- Recession 表示经济衰退
	- Default 这里表示债务拖欠，大部分情况下表示默认
-
- ## SIMON IELTS Writing 2-1
- In current world, the human activities are leading to a wide range of environment problems, but there are still ways to address them. In this essay, we summarize the environmental challenges that humans are causing and strategies that governments and individuals can to relieve them.
- Two highlighted challenges are air pollution and waste. On the one hand, with the tremendous development of technology and industry, the number of factories and vehicles increase rapidly, leading to huge amount of gas emitted. On the other hand, there are increasingly amount of waste due to the growth of world's population, which is the main reason for the ocean and river pollutions.
- Nevertheless, the governments can take actions to tackle these challenges effectively. One strategy might be proposing new laws and regulations that encourage the public and society to protect the environment, such as offering discounts on new energy cars, constructing more public transportation, etc. They could also organize special social teams or official departments to clean up the rivers and oceans on a regular basis.
- Individuals also play a significant rule in the overall environment protection. As most of the residents may not realize, several small actions can make a great significance, such as taking public transportation rather than driving, classifying the trash and using more recyclable stuff. By improving little by little, the individuals can make a huge effect on the environment protection overall.
- In conclusion, although it's a fact that the human activities are causing negative impact on the planet's environment, the governments and individuals can take steps to resolve this challenge by working together.
-
-