-
- ## Situational Learning 2-51: Amusement Park Trip
- This **amusement park** is so **colorful** and **lovely**.
	- colorful: interesting or exciting
	- lovely: very pleasant and enjoyable.
- It really **puts you in a festive mood**, **doesn't it**?
- Let's **check the map** first to see where we **should go next**.
- Let me take a look at the map.
- There's a **roller coaster**, **ferris wheel**, and even a **haunted house**.
- The ferry wheel is a bit **scary**.
- I can't wait to ride it again. The feeling is **exhilarating**.
- After that, **I'd love to** grab some **cotton candy**.
- It's the **perfect sweet treat** after the **thrill**.
- We'll **be energized to** **head into** the haunted room.
- I've heard there's a parade today.
- Maybe we should **head out**.
- I think it would be **thrilling yet relaxing**.
-
- ## Situational Learning 2-52: Exercise Plan
- It's important to have a **balanced workout routine**.
	- routine: 惯例，常见词组有 daily routine, exercise routine
- You can create a plan that **combines** **cardio** and **strength training**.
- **One way to do that** is to create a **weekly plan**.
	- weekly: adj. 每周的
- **This way**, you can work on your **endurance** and **muscle strength** **at the same time**.
	- endurance: 肌肉/心理耐力
- Running **allows you to** unwind and **breathe in** fresh air.
- Yoga can be conveniently done **at home**.
- If you want to **take it a step further** and focus on **building muscle**.
	- build muscle: 增肌
- Going to the **gym** and **lifting weights** is a perfect way to **strengthen** yourself.
	- lift weights: 撸铁
	- strengthen: 使得身体更强健
- It's a great way to increase your **muscle mass** and improve your **overall strength**.
	- muscle mass: 肌肉量
- Another point that many people **might overlook** is **nutrition**.
- Eating a balanced diet will help **fuel your workouts** and **aid in muscle recovery**.
	- aid in: 有利于
	- muscle recovery: 肌肉恢复
-
- ## Situational Learning 2-50: Barbecue Party
- The weather **is perfect for** **grilling** some delicious food!
	- grill: 动词烤或者名词烤架、烧烤店
- This party is a **blast**.
	- blast: 欢乐而刺激的经历
- **Would you like to** **join in** and **give me a hand with** the grilling?
- Another barbecue party **sounds like a lot of fun**.
- Just **let me know** what you need me to do.
- Could you **hand** me the **barbecue sauce**, **soy sauce**, and **salt**?
- **Make sure** they're not **overcooked**.
	- overcook 表示煮的过头，而 undercook 表示没煮熟
- They're **perfectly cooked**, not **overdone**.
	- overdo 表示把某事儿做得过头
- Let's enjoy the **flavors** and make sure not to **add too much salt on** the **barbecues**.
	- flavor 表示食物、饮料的（好）味道
	- barbecue 表示烤的食物或者烧烤的派对
- **By the way**, **have you tried** the grilled chicken?
- Would you like to **try some**?
- Well, the beef **doesn't seem done yet**.
	- yet 这里是副词表示还
- We probably need to grill it **a bit longer**.
- Just **keep an eye on** it and make sure it's **cooked through**.
	- cooked through 表示熟透了
-