-
- ## SIMON IELTS Writing 2-1
- *In current world (1)*, ~~the~~ human activities are *leading to (2)* *a wide range of (3)* environment *problems (4)*, but there are *still ways (5)* to *address (6)* them. *In this essay, we summarize (7)* the environmental challenges *that humans are causing (8)* and *strategies (9)* that governments and individuals *can to relieve them (10)*.
	- (1) 修改为 In today's world。In current world 不自然，不会这么说。
	- (2) 可以改为 Contribute to。Lead to 表示直接的因果关系，Contribute to 表示众多因素之一。
	- (3) 也可以用 A variety of 或者 a myriad of 表示海量
	- (4) 可以用 issues
	- (5) 可以改进为 viable solutions that can be implemented 表示可实施的可行的解决方案。
	- (6) 可以修改为 mitigate，表示减轻、缓和
	- (7) 改为 This essay will explore，用文章做主语
	- (8) 改为 posed by human actions
	- (9) 由于前面 This essay will explore 导致句式改变，这里改为 propose strategies
	- (10) 改为 can adopt to alleviate these issues.
-
- Two *highlighted (1)* environmental challenges are air pollution and *waste (2)*. ~~On the one hand, with~~ *the tremendous development (3)* of technology and *industry (4)*~~,~~ *the number of factories and vehicles increase rapidly (5)*, *leading to huge amount of gas emitted (6)*. *On the other hand (7)*,  *there are increasingly amount of waste due to the growth of world's population (8)*, which is the *main reason for(9)* the ocean and river pollutions.
	- (1) 改为 prominent 表示重要的，即 important。
	- (2) 改为 waste management 更好，可以表示垃圾管理
	- (3) 改为 The rapid advancement。Advancement of knowledge / education / science.
	- (4) 改为 industrialization 表示工业化
	- (5) 改为 has led to an exponential increase in the number of factories and vehicles。exponential growth / increase 是固定搭配
	- (6) 改为 resulting in substantial emissions of harmful gas. 这里 substantial 表示大量的
	- (7) 改为 Additionally
	- (8) 改为 the burgeoning global population has led to an unprecedented increase in waste production. 这里 burgeon 表示极速增长，unprecedented 表示前所未有的
	- (9) 改为 primary cause of
-
- Nevertheless, the governments can take actions to tackle these challenges effectively. One strategy might be proposing new laws and regulations that encourage the public and society to protect the environment, such as offering discounts on new energy cars, constructing more public transportation, etc. They could also organize special social teams or official departments to clean up the rivers and oceans on a regular basis.
-
- Individuals also play a significant rule in the overall environment protection. As most of the residents may not realize, several small actions can make a great significance, such as taking public transportation rather than driving, classifying the trash and using more recyclable stuff. By improving little by little, the individuals can make a huge effect on the environment protection overall.
-
- In conclusion, although it's a fact that the human activities are causing negative impact on the planet's environment, the governments and individuals can take steps to resolve this challenge by working together.
-
- ## IELTS 口语 Part1：Hobby
- Do you have any hobbies?
- Absolutely, I*'m* really *into (1)* sports *like (2)* badminton and running. These *hobbies (3)* *help me keep fit (4)* and *relieve the stress (5)* after a long day *of work (6)*.
	- (1) 改为 passionate about
	- (2) 改为 ", especially"
	- (3) 改为 activities
	- (4) 改为 are fantastic for keeping me fit
	- (5) 改为 are a great way to unwind
	- (6) 改为 at work
-
- Did you have any hobbies when you were a child?
- Definitely, I *was a big fan of (1)* badminton and swimming *when I was  a child (2)*. *These interests were indeed cultivated by my father (3)*, *who wanted me to keep healthy (4)* and *lose some of the weight (5)*.
	- (1) 改为 was really into
	- (2) 改为 as a kid。表示是一个小孩时
	- (3) 改为 My father played a huge role in this
	- (4) 改为 as he encouraged me to stay active and healthy.
	- (5) 改为 shed a bit of extra weight。这里 shed 表示去除一些不需要的东西。减肥可以说 shed pounds
-
- Do you have a hobby that you've had since childhood?
- Yes, as I mentioned earlier, playing badminton has been *one of my hobbies (1)* since *my* childhood. *To date, I am still playing it with my friends (2)*.
	- (1) 改为 a consistent hobby
	- (2) 改为 It's something I still enjoy immensely, and I often play with friends.
-
- Do you have the same hobbies as your family members?
- *Ah, I guess it's hard to say (1)*. *We do live together and have good relationship (2)*. *But I just can't figure out something that we all really into (3)*.
	- (1) 改为 That's an interesting question
	- (2) 改为 While we **share a great relationship** and enjoy **spending time together**.
	- (3) 改为 It's hard to **pinpoint** a hobby that all of us equally passionate about.
-
- ## IELTS 口语 Part2：造福社会的工作
- Describe a job that is useful to the society. You should say:
	- What job it is
	- How you know about this job
	- What types of people do this job
	- And explain why you think this job is useful to the society
-
- *There are a wide variety of jobs that contribute to the society. Personally, I really admire the job of being a professor in universities. (1)*
	- 重写为：One job that I believe is incredibly useful to society is that of a university professor.
- I get to know this job since I've done my university, and I was exposed to a variety of professors during that period. I was impressed deeply by some of them, who may deeply impacted my life.
- While being a professor seem to be cozy and free, it also has a high step rock. Only those well-educated and high-recognition people are admitted to this job.
- Professors play such an important role in the advancements of society that they acts as a bridge between education, companies and high-tech developments.
- Firstly, most of the minors enter the workforce after finishing their universities, whose lessons are taught by the professors.
- Secondly, professors work on advancing the latest technologies and science, which is the key progress of the society.
- Lastly, professors cultivate graduate students to be the key power of the future society.
-